models/potensic_atom_lens_hood/README.md, before:

# The Lens Hood for Potensic Atom Gimbal Camera

This model is created by Shin ZHENG. Oct 16, 2023.

Currently maintained by [Shin ZHENG](shin.zheng@foxmail.com).

## Overview

The lens hood snapped onto the Potensic Atom gimbal camera, used to avoid glare or lens flares.

NOTE: I can not make the hood thinner cause most of the SLA 3d printers have minimum thickness of 0.8mm(or result in incomplete print surface).

Use and test with caution!

I can not guarantee the full compatibility of printed models, the use of all models in this project is at your own risk.

## Known Issues

Do **NOT** put the drone on the ground until the drone finished gimbal self test(right after you turned the drone on), cause the hood will hit the ground and block the gimbal.

It Generally works perfectly on my Potensic Atom, there are potential problems by installing a hood on your gimbal:

- Narrows the max gimbal pitch angle, may be 0.5-1.0 degrees depends on your 3D print precision.

- Could block the gimbal moving, depends on your 3D print precision, you may need to grind or burnish the occlusion part by yourself.

- The weight change on gimbal may lead to unexpected video vibrations, especially on high speed or windy day.

Let me know if you found any other issues, I will try to fix it: shin.zheng@foxmail.com

Happy hacking.

Commit message:

feat(potensic_atom_lens_hood): update readme

models/potensic_atom_lens_hood/README.md, after:

# The Lens Hood for Potensic Atom Gimbal Camera

This model is created by Shin ZHENG. Oct 16, 2023.

Currently maintained by [Shin ZHENG](shin.zheng@foxmail.com).

## Overview

The lens hood snapped onto the Potensic Atom gimbal camera, used to avoid glare or lens flares.

The hood is designed according to the 78° diagonal FoV of Atom gimbal camera, and there's no risk of vignetting.

NOTE: I can not make the hood thinner cause most of the SLA 3d printers have minimum thickness of 0.8mm(or result in incomplete print surface).

Use and test with caution!

I can not guarantee the full compatibility of printed models, the use of all models in this project is at your own risk.

## Known Issues

Do **NOT** put the drone on the ground until the drone finished gimbal self test(right after you turned the drone on), cause the hood will hit the ground and block the gimbal.

It Generally works perfectly on my Potensic Atom, there are potential problems by installing a hood on your gimbal:

- Narrows the max gimbal pitch angle, may be 0.5-1.0 degrees depends on your 3D print precision.

- Could block the gimbal moving, depends on your 3D print precision, you may need to grind or burnish the occlusion part by yourself.

- The weight change on gimbal may lead to unexpected video vibrations, especially on high speed or windy day.

Let me know if you found any other issues, I will try to fix it: shin.zheng@foxmail.com

Happy hacking.
